RFC: React Native Versions Lifecycle & Support - 2nd iterration (#513)
react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals: proposals/0007-rn-versions-lifecycle-support.md

Issues & PRs opened against older versions would be considered only in exceptional cases. Please update your application to one of the supported versions and raise the Issue/PR targeted to that version.

> Issues should contain a [**reproducer**](https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example) project regardless of which version they are targeting, for them to be considered.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Issues should contain a [**reproducer**](https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example) project regardless of which version they target, for them to be considered.
```
